applications: nrf5340_audio: Move controller (#10238)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bin/bt_ll_acs_nrf53/CHANGELOG.rst

.. _bt_ll_acs_nrf53_changelog:

Changelog
#########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Notable changes to this controller are documented in this file.

> Controller v3322

Reviewer: Like @asbjornsabo previosly mentioned, the controller moved is not 3322, but 3330.
Is it correct to list v3322 here?

Reviewer 2: Or rather: shouldn't we also list v3330 here, in addition to v3322? I would keep v3322, if it was used at some point and we have changelog changes documented for it.

Author: Done

****************

The following changes have been introduced in the v3322 of the controller:

Changes
=======

* Improvements to support creating CIS connections in any order.
* Changes to accommodate BIS + ACL combinations.
* Basic support for interleaved broadcasts.

Known issues
************

See the :ref:`nRF5340 Audio application known issues <known_issues_nrf5340audio>` for the list of known issues for the controller.

Limitations
***********

> The controller is closely related to the nRF5340 Audio application. Please see :ref:`_software_maturity_application_nrf5340audio_table`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The controller is closely related to the nRF5340 Audio application.
See :ref:`software_maturity_application_nrf5340audio_table` for the list of supported features and limitations.
```

Author: Done
